{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 @startuml\
title UC2 Activity - Add Training Data to Database\
top to bottom direction\
skinparam dpi 220\
skinparam linetype ortho\
skinparam shadowing false\
skinparam roundcorner 12\
\
' =========================================================\
' TEXT DESCRIPTION (Numbered Steps)\
' Step 1: Admin selects training data such as documents, examples, or glossary.\
' Step 2: Admin uploads training data via Admin Portal.\
' Step 3: System validates file format, structure, and user permissions.\
' Step 4: System checks whether the uploaded data is valid.\
' Step 5: If valid, system stores document in training repository.\
' Step 6: System extracts text and metadata from the document.\
' Step 7: System generates vector embeddings from extracted content.\
' Step 8: System stores embeddings in vector database for semantic search.\
' Step 9: System refreshes indexes and cache if required.\
' Step 10: System logs successful training data upload.\
' Step 11: System shows success confirmation to admin.\
' Step 12: If invalid, system shows validation error message.\
' Step 13: System logs failed upload attempt for audit and troubleshooting.\
' =========================================================\
\
(*) --> "1. Admin selects training data"\
--> "2. Upload via Admin Portal"\
--> "3. Validate file format\\nand permissions"\
\
if "4. Valid?" then\
  -->[Yes] "5. Store document\\nin repository"\
  --> "6. Extract text\\nand metadata"\
  --> "7. Generate embeddings"\
  --> "8. Upsert embeddings\\ninto Vector DB"\
  --> "9. Refresh indexes\\n/cache if required"\
  --> "10. Write audit log"\
  --> "11. Show success message"\
  --> (*)\
else\
  -->[No] "12. Show validation error"\
  --> "13. Write audit log\\n(failed)"\
  --> (*)\
endif\
\
@enduml}