{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 @startuml\
title UC7 Activity - Provide Feedback (Approve/Disapprove)\
top to bottom direction\
skinparam dpi 220\
skinparam linetype ortho\
skinparam shadowing false\
skinparam roundcorner 12\
\
' =========================================================\
' TEXT DESCRIPTION (Numbered Steps)\
' Step 1: User reviews the generated answer.\
' Step 2: User selects a vote option (Approve or Disapprove).\
' Step 3: User submits the feedback.\
' Step 4: System evaluates the selected vote.\
' Step 5: If approved, system increases trust score and keeps answer in cache.\
' Step 6: If disapproved, system marks answer as low-confidence and may invalidate cache.\
' Step 7: System flags the answer for admin review to improve training.\
' Step 8: System stores the feedback record in the database.\
' Step 9: System writes an audit log entry for tracking.\
' =========================================================\
\
(*) --> "1. User reviews answer"\
--> "2. Select vote\\n(Approve / Disapprove)"\
--> "3. Submit feedback"\
\
if "4. Approve?" then\
  -->[Yes] "5. Increase trust score\\nfor answer"\
  --> "5. Keep in cache /\\nprioritize reuse"\
  --> "8. Store feedback record"\
  --> "9. Audit log feedback"\
  --> (*)\
else\
  -->[No] "6. Mark as low-confidence"\
  --> "6. Optionally invalidate cache"\
  --> "7. Flag for admin review\\n(training improvement)"\
  --> "8. Store feedback record"\
  --> "9. Audit log feedback"\
  --> (*)\
endif\
\
@enduml}